hi so I'm Michaela and this is my first
time ever uploading a video it's kind of
weird but okay so I used to be good
cheer time ago and everyone's like oh
how I want to learn how to do this and
that there are a few things that you
have to learn before you can do
everything first of all you have to
retain to stretch let me show you yeah
so what you first want to do is you have
to have a routine every single bit like
first leg stretches are very easy and
they help you
agility first of all what you want to do
take your look like a whole and stretch
and hold for 10 seconds
did switch
next thing you want to do is put both
legs like this it stretch hold ten
seconds then I'm a little bothered all
the way here's barging up I've gotta go
too far I don't want the camera next
thing arm stretches pull up the side for
about ten seconds
everything's meaning ten seconds because
I don't want to be like repeating it
bitch the next over there
getting over
all right next what you want to do is
work on your stretches for me like
standing up they're actually very easy
once you use I do think your left a
right leg whichever one your Marsh touch
one because you don't take on it stretch
it hold ten seconds
I don't watch when you did this PAP is
doing this it's harder but every single
time you never thought thanks to but
I'll help you stretch it forward just
keep doing this and after you're done
dude
like say I don't know like about no Java
day they're tinkling then you can stop
doing different things like for
handspring back handspring front flips
and stuff anyways cypress video I'll be
like it
it means don't try anything that you're
never done before thing you did in the
first time anyways we're video sometime
soon okay bye